Update the XR documentation (#5480)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/vr/openxr/enable_plugin.rst

.. _doc_enable_plugin:

Enabling the OpenXR plugin
==========================

> Due to the design of Godot's XR system the plugin will always autoload the OpenXR interface 
> however additional editor features will not be available unless the OpenXR plugin is enabled.
> 
> For this go into ``Project->Project Settings`` and select the ``Plugins`` tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the design of Godot's XR system, the plugin will always automatically load the OpenXR interface.
However, additional editor features will not be available unless the OpenXR plugin is enabled.

For this, go to **Project > Project Settings** and select the **Plugins** tab:
```

.. image:: img/enable_plugin.png

> Make sure the ``Enable`` tickbox is ticked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the **Enable** checkbox is checked.
```
